>> [Background Music]
And I think many people
today don't know what
to believe anymore.
>> People are basically
going to keep
on to help uncover what
really what really happened.
>> I felt like something
was watching me.
>> We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told the
entire story.
[ Music ]
>> George Noory: November
22nd, 1963, I was 13 years old.
I was in the English
class and my teacher,
Ms. Leonard [assumed spelling]
came into the class crying.
We didn't understand why.
She had said that
President John F. Kennedy had
been assassinated.
Well, through the minds
of a little 13-year-old we
really didn't understand the
scope of what she was really
talking about but later
on in our lives, we surely did.
A situation that has changed
the face of this planet.
>> [Background Music] This is
Walter Cronkite in our newsroom.
And, there has been an
attempt as perhaps you know now
on the life of President
Kennedy.
He was wounded in an automobile
driving from Dallas airport
into downtown Dallas along with
Governor Connally of Texas.
They were taken to
Parkland Hospital there
where their condition
is as yet unknown.
We have not been told of
their condition at Dallas.
In a downtown hotel room, a
group who had been gathered
to hear President Kennedy
and was awaiting his arrival.
Let's switch down there
now where Eddie Barker
of KRLD is on the air.
>> As you can imagine, there
are many stories that are coming
in now as to the actual
condition of the President.
One is that he is dead;
this cannot be confirmed.
Another is that Governor
Connally is
in the operating room.
This we have not confirmed.
The President was
whisked from the scene
of an attempted assassination
or assassination depending
upon his condition of course
at this hour by bus
to Parkland hospital.
And the President, undoubtedly,
is in the emergency room
at that hospital which would
on the first floor of Parkland.
>> George Noory: And
welcome to Beyond Belief.
What you're about to
hear tonight are theories
and questions about
that fateful day
in Dallas, November 22nd, 1963.
Our special guest, of course,
author of the researcher
of the book "Who
really killed Kennedy?"
Jerry Corsi.
Jerry thanks for
coming on Beyond Belief.
>> JC: Oh, George, great
pleasure to be here.
Thank you.
>> GN: That video clip,
I'm sure for a lot
of people brings chills.
I was 13 years old.
I didn't really understand the
scope of what was going on.
As a matter of fact, after
school me and my buddies we went
out and we played ice
hockey in Detroit.
You know, just playing
in the streets,
just skating up and down.
>> JC: Sure.
>> GN: Our parents cried.
I don't think this country has
ever been the same, has it?
>> JC: It was a threshold moment
and as I explained on the book.
We've changed as a
nation fundamentally.
It was the end of innocence.
I think it was the triumph of
what I call the New World Order.
We'll explain that
as we go along.
>> GN: Yeah.
>> JC: But everything changed.
I mean, I was 17
and I had driven
to school, high school that day.
And when I-- I couldn't
believe it
when the announcement came on.
It's just too incredible
to absorb.
I had seen the Kennedys.
My father was a labor
union, a lobbyist.
He was public relations
director of Brotherhood
of Railroad Trainmen
in Cleveland.
But like I was in the car,
and I turned on the radio
and they were playing
the first ingau--
is all the Inaugural Address.
>> GN: Yeah.
>> JC: And he said, "Well, OK.
Then he had to be dead" because
why would you be playing all
those recap of the
inaugural-- oh it was--
and it was hard to even
continue functioning
when I'd seen Kennedy, my
dad was very influential,
and the union was at
Kennedy's election,
and there was great
hope, I mean,
he had really changed
fundamentally.
The direction the
of the country--
>> GN: It was [inaudible]..
>> JC: It felt different.
You know, when it comes
the Eisenhower period.
I like Eisenhower
as a president.
I thought he was quite
good, but this was new.
This was fresh.
It was young and the
ideas were invigorating.
So that for Kennedy to be killed
was almost an impossibility.
>> GN: Yeah.
>> JC: I could never
imagine it could happen.
And then at one stroke,
one day, a lightning coming
from the skies, it were--
>> GN: It shattered our country.
>> JC: It shattered the country.
We've never been the same.
>> GN: No.
I remember the Frank
Sinatra song, High Hopes.
>> JC: Yes.
>> GN: That he changed into
John Kennedy's campaign song.
>> JC: His campaign song.
>> GN: And it was
just remarkable
but what really struck me
Jerry, even at that age of 13,
being at home watching the
video of Lee Harvey Oswald--
>> JC: Yes.
>> GN: -- being carted through
the Dallas Police station,
getting shot to death
by Jack Ruby.
All of it was so surreal.
I mean, can you imagine
the alleged assassin
of our president being
carted through an area
where people could actually get
to him, it didn't make sense.
>> JC: Well, the reporters
were crowding the halls
of the Dallas Police Department
and in fact Jack Ruby was in one
of the so-called press
conferences as a press reporter
as it were, asking a question.
>> GN: Yeah, and he
wasn't a reporter.
>> JC: He was not.
He was a nightclub operator.
>> GN: Nightclub operator.
>> JC: Right.
But he-- you know, wine and
dine all the police and it was
at a constant figure--
>> GN: Yeah.
>> JC: -- in the
Police Department.
At any rate, when Lee
Harvey Oswald said things
like I remember watching,
when Oswald said "Well,
I have not been charged with
shooting the president?"
Someone said that to
me I think he said.
And someone shouts "You
have been charged with it"
as Oswald looks disgusted
at that moment.
>> GN: Yeah.
>> JC: Like, he just
totally looks at--
at that when I was watching
that, I said, "Wait a minute,
this is not the reaction
of a guy
who has just shot
the president."
And also he said "I'm a patsy."
He was going through the hall
and he screamed "I'm a patsy."
>> GN: Yeah.
What kind of a person
would say that?
>> JC: Now that hit me too
watching it and saying,
you know, this-- then when
the-- when Ruby shot Oswald,
that's Sunday morning,
I was watching it live.
>> GN: He had to be shut up.
That's what happened.
>> JC: Well, and it was a
moment people can relate
to younger people today
who were not alive then
when the first plane flew
into the World Trade Center,
I said "Well, it could be
anything" I mean I heard it--
>> GN: It could been an
accident, a horrible accident.
>> JC: A plane flew into
the Empire State building
in World War II.
OK, that happened.
>> GN: Yeah.
>> JC: But then, turning on TV
and seeing the second
plane hit--
>> GN: Then you knew.
>> JC: -- terrorism.
>> GN: And then the Pentagon.
>> JC: And then you immediately,
it was clear this was an attack.
We were at war.
>> GN: Right.
>> JC: Well, also when Ruby
jumped out and shot Oswald,
and instantly, he
say, "Mob hit."
The chain-- it reframed
the whole--
>> GN: Absolutely.
>> JC: -- incident because
suddenly, this was a silencing.
>> GN: That they
called covered it up.
>> JC: It covered--
and also when--
when Oswald is coming
out, I didn't put this
in the book 'cause
I couldn't prove it
but I was confident even
at that time, Oswald looks
in the direction of Ruby--
>> GN: He stared at
him and he did see him.
>> JC: -- and he
did recognize him.
>> GN: Yeah.
>> JC: And then, you know,
suddenly Ruby jumps
out and shoots him.
And of course Oswald
has no instant to react,
he's immediately shot--
>> GN: Yeah.
>> JC: -- collapses but
that was clearly a mob hit.
And the way Ruby
subsequently acted,
the things Ruby subsequently
said, you know,
if you really want to know
this it reaches highest levels
of government and you'll
never know the truth of this
if you don't take
me to Washington
where I could be secure.
>> GN: Yeah.
>> JC: And then, he
also made a comment;
Ruby did that this
would never happen
if Adlai Stevenson had
been vice president.
>> GN: Yeah, exactly.
>> JC: So you know, Ruby was
telegraphing whenever a camera
was on him.
In those moments between trials
or going to do an appearance
on the trial just like Oswald
was trying to telegraph--
>> GN: Yeah.
>> JC: He said, I'm waiting
for someone to come forward.
>> GN: It's an amazing story and
we're going to talk about all
of that that led up to that.
Let's go back a little
bit, John F. Kennedy--
>> JC: Right.
>> GN: -- he is a
Senator of Massachusetts.
>> JC: Yes.
>> GN: He decides he is going
to run for president primarily
because I guess he was
being pushed by his father.
>> JC: Yes.
>> GN: And his career and off he
goes, he was a Roman Catholic.
He had a strike against
in there.
There had never been a
Roman Catholic president
in this country before.
And off he goes and
he gets the--
he gets the nomination of
the Democratic Convention,
does extremely well, Lyndon
Johnson comes in second.
>> JC: Yes.
>> GN: There has been talk
that Kennedy selected
Johnson 'cause he knew he had
to take Texas and the South.
Other people say
that Edgar Hoover,
J. Edgar Hoover basically
said to Kennedy "I'm going
to release reports of your
womanizing unless you take
Johnson as your running mate."
What's the truth there?
>> JC: Well, I think there was
pressure from Johnson as well
and J. Edgar Hoover could
well have participated.
Johnson wouldn't have hesitated
to let Kennedy know he
would release information--
>> GN: Right.
They hated each other.
>> JC: Oh they were-- Bobby
especially hated Lyndon Johnson.
Bobby could never
stand Lyndon Johnson.
And the-- putting Johnson on the
ticket, remember the conventions
in those days were
really fought out.
And it was not clear that
John Kennedy was going
to get the nomination until
the convention started.
They have floor fight and so
the concessions being made were
being made while the
convention was ongoing.
And the pressure put Lyndon
on the ticket was enormous
'cause what Lyndon Johnson
wanted more than anything
else was to be president.
>> GN: Yes.
>> JC: He is power hungry.
He is, you know, all kinds
of his own history unfolds.
But the other thing about this
that's interesting George,
it's fascinating and I do cover
this extensively in the book is
that John Kennedy knew in 1956,
he had lost the vice
presidential nomination
to Estes Kefauver.
>> GN: That's right.
>> JC: And Kefauver was a
senator, had crime hearings.
He had televised crime hearings.
I remember watching
them as a kid.
Well, the Kennedy family
knew they needed publicity
and they needed some forum.
>> GN: Yeah.
>> JC: So when the-- the
whole issue of the mob moving
into the team search came up,
and it started with a family
that I've write about
I've known extensively
but it's largely
ignored in the history
but very important;
the Elkins family.
JB Elkins was the chief witness
in the McClellan
Committee Hearings.
February 1957, Bobby
Kennedy was the council--
>> GN: Hated Hoffa
>> JC: Hated Hoffa and
this was the beginning
of going after Hoffa.
But it was a pact between the
western mob, the Protestants,
the Elkins mob and the Kennedys
in which they were also going
after the Eastern mobs
which were the Italians--
>> GN: That's right.
>> JC: -- the Jews who had
not accepted Joe Kennedy
when he was [inaudible].
>> GN: And those were the
folks who were into Cuba.
>> JC: Exactly, and
see with Meyer Lansky,
you know, running the casinos.
So at any rate, John Kennedy
used the McClellan Committee
Hearings to launch
his political career.
And that was an immediate
association that turned him
against the Eastern mobs, father
against the Eastern mob kind
of like a grudge master--
>> GN: That's right.
>> JC: -- and will get
back at these guys--
>> GN: Yeah.
>> JC: -- who didn't
accept me in the '30s.
So when Bobby Kennedy
was Attorney General,
basically the father of
Joseph Kennedy said go
after the Eastern mobs and
they continue to-- he did--
>> GN: Well, and they
brilliantly set up Kennedy
to get the publicity as a
strong law enforcement ally.
>> JC: Yes.
>> GN: Well, and
it was brilliant.
>> JC: The first
issue of Life Magazine
that Jack Kennedy
is on the cover.
If you look at the 1957,
you go into that magazine
and it has an article on
McClellan Committee Hearings,
it's got a full page
picture of JB Elkins.
>> GN: Yeah.
>> JC: And Bobby
Kennedy and his book
"The Enemy Within" says
this was the best witness,
he had the best information even
though Elkins was a criminal,
that all have been researched,
they exposed it all
at the hearing.
At any rate, the-- the
story of Kennedy's launch
in the politics would
not have happened
without the McClellan
Committee Hearings
and without the Elkins family
and all the information
that permitted them to go
after Hoffa and the mob.
>> GN: So jump forward a few
years, Kennedy gets elected.
>> JC: Yes.
>> GN: He defeats Nixon by
the closest margin ever.
>> JC: With the help of he mob.
>> GN: With the help
of the mob in Chicago.
>> JC: Yes.
>> GN: And everything else.
So he is in, unbeknownst to
him at the time, Richard Nixon
who was the vice president
is working on the Bay of Pigs
>> JC: Yes.
>> GN: And in the debates,
Kennedy is talking about it
and Nixon is talking
about how bad it would be
to attack Cuba when
it was his plan.
>> JC: Right.
Well, see that's another-- I
told that story in the book.
It has not really been
told as in a much detailed.
The Kennedy family learned
that Richard Nixon had
been planning the Bay
of Pigs Invasion as
an October surprised.
>> GN: Yup.
>> JC: I got him to,
Dick Bissell, CIA and--
>> GN: And had it'd
been successful,
it would have catapulted
him to a president.
>> JC: Well, if Nixon
have done the Bay of Pigs,
he probably would have succeeded
because Nixon would
not have hesitated--
>> GN: He would reinforce--
>> JC: -- to use US military
and force to take Castro.
>> GN: Exactly.
>> JC: And he would
have been a big hero
because this was early on 1960.
>> GN: There were
no missiles in Cuba.
>> JC: No missiles and we would
have in a sense liberated Cuba
from communism, all
the refugees--
>> GN: The Cubans
in Miami wanted.
>> JC: It would have
been a huge success.
Kennedy family realized that
if Nixon got to pull this off,
he probably lose the election.
>> GN: Right.
>> JC: And they were tipped
off including Elkins family
and others notified them that
this plan was in the works.
So John Kennedy in the fourth
debate, complete surprises,
I think we should invade Cuba.
>> GN: Beautiful, brilliant.
>> JC: Brilliant, and
Nixon who, you know,
who was in the debate--
>> GN: He is got to say
"I can't agree with them."
>> JC: We can't--
it'd be irresponsible,
we can't invade Cuba.
>> GN: Yeah.
>> JC: So Nixon gets
out of the debate.
He is leaving because also
Kennedy had an intelligence
briefing from Allen Dulles
who was head of the CIA.
>> GN: Whom he fired?
>> JC: Later.
>> GN: Later.
>> JC: But Kennedy
family made, you know,
Kennedy has made Dulles, tell
him about the Bay of Pigs
which they knew about.
>> GN: Right.
>> JC: You know, but Dulles
probably wasn't planning
to disclose that but once they
knew the Kennedy's demanded a
briefing on the Bay
of Pigs Invasion.
So now we fast forward, and
John Kennedy is the president.
And the CIA comes over and says
"Remember that little invasion
that we, you know,
you jumps as on."
And by the way, Nixon was
leaving in six crises,
Nixon goes on and on about
how dishonest Kennedy was,
how horrible this was
to trick him this way.
>> GN: And deep down,
he is biting his tongue.
>> JC: He is just
angry as it can be.
>> GN: Surely, we got a
little video of Allen Dulles
who was then the
head of the CIA.
>> JC: Yes.
>> GN: We got to
take a look at this.
>> I've asked Mr. Allen Dulles
to stay on, the director
of the Central Intelligence
Agency
and he was exceeded
to that request.
He served every president since
Wilson in a variety of capacity
and the continuity of
stability and direction
in this particular
post is imperative.
>> GN: So he decides
to keep Dulles
but he ends up firing the guy.
>> JC: Yes, well see, it
probably his big mistake
for John Kennedy to
have kept Allen Dulles.
Allen Dulles was never
on John Kennedy's side.
Allen Dulles was playing
for his own team ever.
We will get into
this but Allen Dulles
and his brother John Foster
Dulles had been primarily
responsible for financing
the Nazis.
We financed Hitler.
Wall Street, Brown
Brothers Harriman,--
>> GN: Right.
>> JC: -- the Harriman Brothers
firm and the other partners
by the way in this firm were
Prescott Bush and George Walker.
>> GN: OK.
>> JC: The patriarchs
of the Bush family,
Connecticut Yale got together--
>> GN: Were supporters
of the Nazi?
>> JC: And that we're running
with the Nazis Union Bank
which Roosevelt has
it closed down.
It took him months after Pearl
Harbor to close this bank down
but the Dulles and the Bushes
were running a Nazi bank
in New York, it's a
clearing house for Hitler.
>> GN: Why don't they
get him for treason?
>> JC: Well, in this period
of time, we weren't war with--
>> GN: With the Nazis.
>> JC: -- the Nazis
and of course,
they were saying we
were rebuilding Europe
and this was our hall Fascism--
>> GN: OK.
>> JC: -- at that time, did
not necessarily looked today
as Fascism as it does today.
But at any rate, they
bought into the Hitler.
The original New World
Order, the original idea
that this was a new
order of things.
It was Hitler's idea.
>> GN: Well, you talked about
the New World Order Jerry;
I want us to look at a
little clip about that.
Let's take a look at this
New World Order theory.
>> JC: I'm just going to make
one point 'cause I want to kind
of jump into the middle of the
book which is that my accusation
on Jack Kennedy who
was the first victim
of the New World Order.
And there was Allen Dulles who
Kennedy fired from the CIA,
a CIA Director after the Bay
of Pigs fiasco that was one
of the mastermind behind the
plot, as well as under Johnson
and then they can conjunction
with various elements of the mob
that it turned on Kennedy.
I only got this New World Order
theory 'cause it's been my
fundamental hypothesis about the
assassination since it happened,
a Warren Commission
was it cover of.
And that is that-- there
was evidence provided
to the committee that Lee
Harvey Oswald was an FBI agent.
They even had his
number for the FBI.
He was being paid 200 dollars
a month as an informant
and that there was a
huge CIA file existence.
They had Lee Harvey
Oswald's CIA number.
>> GN: Well, there's
no question,
something was going on there.
>> JC: There's no question.
The whole Warren Commission
which included Allen
Dulles after he was fired--
>> GN: Right.
>> JC: -- by Jack Kennedy.
>> GN: Tell me, there's
not a conflict there.
>> JC: Of course and
the whole purpose was
to make sure no information
about the assassination
ever got back
to the CIA, implicated the CIA.
>> GN: Exactly:
>> JC: I mean, Oswald
supposed to assassins file
with the CIA is about
50,000 pages
and it was started in 1960.
>> GN: Wasn't he a double agent?
>> JC: Yes, in fact, James
Angleton who maintained the file
of the CIA, maybe the closest
associate of Allen Dulles
to the CIA was maintaining files
of what we call this, you know,
fake defectors and were double
agents who were recruiting
from the military,
who are really loyal
to the United States but they
said they were going to give
up their citizenship
and go to Russia
in order to penetrate the KGB.
>> GN: Right.
>> JC: And Oswald
was in that program.
>> GN: He was one of those.
>> JC: He was one of those.
>> GN: Yes.
>> JC: So, there was never
any doubt but I've always felt
that Oswald was most
likely working even closest
with Naval Intelligence
so I say so on the book.
And good reason to believe he
was associated with the FBI,
he was making 200
dollars a month,
it doesn't seem like
a lot today.
>> GN: Right.
>> JC: Yeah.
But he-- the FBI in Dallas even
destroyed part, they burned part
of Oswald's file when he
became noticed as the assassin.
But the whole point was the
Warren Commission, Lee Rankin,
the chief counsel
writes a memo and says,
"We have this information,
what are we going to do it?"
On January 27, 1964, the
Warren Commission meets
in executive session
and Allan Dulles says,
"This information
is just too damaging
to the agencies,
the FBI and CIA.
We can't let the American
people know this."
So the Warren Commission
lies and says,
"Oswald has no connection
with the CIA
and the FBI even though the
evidence was on the table.
Now, well, this goes back to
reframe Oswald, Oswald first
of all I think was in the lunch
room through the whole shooting.
>> GN: That's where he was
spotted after the shooting.
>> JC: Precisely.
>> GN: He's on the
second floor, right?
>> JC: One of the police
jumps off the motorcycle
in the motorcade, runs
into the building,
gets one of the supervisors
from the building.
These guys run upstairs and on
the second floor there is Oswald
in the lunch room drinking
a Coca Cola not being upset,
not looking like he
just ran down the stairs
after shooting the president.
And Oswald very calm, but
these guys say he works here.
He's not part of the deal
and the comp of the business,
building supervisor
ran off to look--
>> GN: And a killer.
>> JC: He was calm, collected,
and he walks out
of the building.
>> GN: Yeah.
>> JC: He comes out of the
front door, calmly walks out.
In fact there was someone-- one
of the reporters was looking
for a phone and Oswald
directs him
to a phone inside the Texas
School Book Depository,
walks out, decides
to take a bus home.
>> GN: Makes no sense.
>> JC: No sense.
He takes a cab where the bus is.
He could have walked home.
>> GN: And yet with all the
evidence of eyewitnesses
who saw other people in
the area with rifles.
>> JC: Yes.
>> GN: It's mind-boggling.
I want to take a
little look at the video
of the motorcade Jerry.
>> JC: Yes.
>> GN: And let's
take a look at this.
>> [Background Music]
Everything seemed normal
as the president's Secret
Service body guards kept their
ever watchful eyes on the crowd.
[ Music & Noise ]
Everything seemed normal
as the President's
motorcade began its journey.
[ Music & Noise ]
Everything seemed normal,
that is up until this instant.
What took place is so
odd that we are going
to examine the scene
four more times.
[ Music & Noise ]
Watch the left side
of your screen.
The arrow points to
agent-in-charge Emory Roberts
as he stands in the Secret
Service follow-up car
and motions with his hand.
What he is doing is calling
away the President's two most
important body guards, the
body guards whose job was
to protect the President's
back by riding on the bumper
of the limousine
throughout the motorcade.
[ Music & Noise ]
Watch again as he stands and
orders the agents running
at the rear of the
President's car away.
Watch the confusion inside the
follow-up car that results.
[ Music & Noise ]
Now watch the right
side of your screen.
The arrow points to one of
two agents whose job was
to hop aboard the bumper
and act as human shields.
He's obviously perplexed.
Watch as he shrugs his
shoulders three times in dismay,
each shrug more dramatic
than the last.
[ Music ]
As you watch this scene for
the final time, ask yourself,
is this the kind of conduct
you would expect from an agency
that routinely sends an
advance team to a city a month
or more prior to the
President's arrival
in order to make preparations?
Now ask yourself
if the assassination
could have taken place
at all had those men been on
the bumper during the motorcade?
>> GN: Well, Jerry
what's that all about?
Why would he be so
flustered like that?
>> JC: It's clearly a stand
down of the Secret Service.
>> GN: Somebody told him
in his ear, "Come back."
>> JC: Come back.
Stand down.
>> GN: And he's going wired,
what are you talking
about, right?
>> JC: Exactly.
Had those two agents been
riding were they should have
been riding.
>> GN: They might have
blocked the shots.
>> JC: They've probably
couldn't have hit the president
because that was right in the
direct in the line of fire.
But the whole thing was
a stand down of security.
Also the configuration of the
motorcycles in front formed kind
of a phalanx ahead of the car.
They didn't come back
to the sides of Kennedy.
There are no motorcycles
riding right
to the side of the president.
>> GN: Which should
have been procedure.
>> JC: Which should have been
procedure especially going
through a downtown area
with tall buildings.
>> GN: In an area that
he was supposedly hated.
>> JC: Well, and in fact, Adali
Stevenson have been spit upon,
you know, our UN Ambassador.
He got warned Kennedy
this was a hostile city.
>> GN: They were holding signs
that said, "Kennedy is treason."
>> JC: Well, and also there
have been two prior attempts
to kill Kennedy that month.
>> GN: Yes.
>> JC: You know, one
in Chicago and then--
>> GN: One in Florida, right?
>> JC: One in Florida and Tampa.
So Jack Kennedy knew that
that day November 22nd 1963,
Jack Kennedy wakes up in
Fort Worth and he's talking
about how easy it
would be to kill him
in the motorcade that day.
Now that's not just a
premonition because the--
Kennedy knew especially
in Chicago-- I mean that--
>> GN: But he needed
Texas to get reelected.
>> JC: He needed Texas and
he wasn't going to ride
through the streets of Texas.
As I said it stopped raining.
>> GN: Yeah.
>> JC: So the bubble
top came off.
And then this-- it was
a stand down security.
The security not even
that tight to begin with--
I mean the motorcade should
have been questioned to go
through this whole Dealey
Plaza area to begin with except
that it was the closest way
to get onto the freeway.
But if you look carefully
at the area once coming
down Houston Street from
the School Book Depository
to make a very sharp left to go
through the Triple Underpass.
And once you make that left
turn, you have to go through it.
It's a kill zone.
There's no other way
to get out of there.
>> GN: There's no way
>> JC: You got to
go through it, yeah.
OK.
>> GN: And you should
go through it fast.
>> JC: Well, you should
go through it fast
and in fact the other fall
of the Secret Service--
>> GN: It was too slow.
>> JC: And also actually
brakes applied to the car
when the shooting started.
Car comes to an almost
complete standstill.
>> GN: Yet the driver
said, "I didn't slowdown."
>> JC: Well--
>> GN: It's obvious.
>> JC: It's obvious because
you can see the red lights go
on in the limo [inaudible]--
>> GN: And it turned around.
>> JC: It turned around.
>> GN: And he said
he didn't do that.
>> JC: He turned around
completely around.
>> GN: Now he's dead,
that driver is dead.
>> JC: Yes, he is.
>> GN: That Secret
Service driver.
>> JC: Yes.
He's dead but the--
watching the videos
of it there was a completely
lack of performance in terms
of what you expect of the
Secret Service that day.
They should have all
been much more on alert.
They should have been
at the limousine.
The motorcycle should have
been on either side so you got
to have instant response.
Instead with the
shooting occurs,
all the agents are
looking around
and looking back,
looking at Kennedy.
>> GN: Making the fireworks,
they didn't know
what was going on.
>> JC: Yeah.
And the ability to respond
in those situations
instantly is a difference
between saving a
president's life
and having the president
be killed.
>> GN: Were all those
full pause done on purpose
or were they just
silly stupidness sense?
>> JC: I think it was
a whole high up ordered
that this was not going to be--
>> GN: Right,
>> JC: -- tight security.
>> GN: The rank and
file obviously looked
like they're confused.
>> JC: They want
to do their job.
>> GN: Yeah.
>> JC: You can see them--
I mean they're objecting
that the guy is shrugging
his shoulders.
Why don't you let me do my job?
>> GN: Yeah.
What do you calling me off for?
>> JC: It's so--
it has to be a high
up orders including
along the motorcade
when there are windows
that could be opened.
There should have been much
greater security all along the
route for any building that
could have an open window
and clearly there
are many of them.
A lot of people are as in--
waving out of the
windows through downtown.
It was all open window
the entire--
>> GN: There were witnesses who
said they saw several gunmens--
>> JC: Yes.
>> GN: -- walking
around up there.
>> JC: Right.
And--
>> GN: -- a couple in
the Grassy Knoll area.
>> JC: Several of witnesses,
I point them out of the book
that they were multiple people
observed in that sixth floor.
It's unlikely that that's
where the fatal shots came
from because if you really had
one sniper Lee Harvey Oswald,
lone shy shooter, I don't
think he fired a shot that day.
The best shot would be
coming down Houston Street.
The car is coming right
down toward the Texas
School Book Depository
and then makes a sharp left.
The car is almost
at a standstill.
You're looking down you got a
full body shot on everybody--
>> GN: Yeah.
>> JC: -- and that's the
best angle from that window.
Instead you wait until
the car goes, you know,
several hundred yards
down the road
on Elm Street behind the tree.
And you got-- then
you start shooting
and you only see the back of the
head, the shoulders at the back
of the head-- I mean
this is not a video game.
>> GN: And what everybody--
>> JC: You're not going
to get more points
for difficulty of shot.
>> GN: What everybody
was saying Jerry too
as they saw the gunmen
walking around--
>> JC: Yes.
>> GN: -- on the street but
they all thought they were
Secret Service.
>> JC: And they thought
they were --
and there were also
Secret Service present.
First of all, there
were no Secret Service
at the Texas School Book
Depository or Dealey Plaza.
>> GN: Right.
>> JC: They weren't there.
>> GN: It's crazy.
>> JC: They were riding either
with the limousine or they were
at the airport or at the-- where
Kennedy was going to give speech
at the trade center, Trade Mart.
But no Secret Service
were on the Knoll
yet people are showing
identification saying,
we're Secret Service.
You can't stand here.
You can't be here, and
telling people where to stand.
That to me was also very
suspicious as if you're staging
or you're managing how the
shooting is going to be.
You know where the
shooters are going to be.
You know you can't afford
to have anybody standing
and it was all orchestrated
that way by the security forces.
>> GN: It's a tragedy.
>> JC: And how do people walk
around with identification
saying they're Secret Service
as the Warren Commission
doesn't investigate.
>> GN: Doesn't investigate.
>> JC: It doesn't
investigate that.
>> GN: We're talking with
Jerry Corsi, his book,
"Who Really Killed Kennedy?"
It's just a fascinating
story of his investigation
into what happened leading
up to November 22nd,
1963 and thereafter as well.
There's much more to
talk about on this story.
You just stay tune to Beyond
Belief here on Gaiam TV.
I'm George Noory and
thanks for watching.
[ Music ]